hey it's Chris here with the hoops king
basketball YouTube channel and today we
got a great point guard video featuring
Jason otter for you now before we go to
Jason in the gym I want you to notice
there might be an eye here in the upper
left hand corner if you're on a mobile
device just tap that and you'll be able
to get our free point guard workout
otherwise you can just click the
annotation over here and we will send
you the point guard workout immediately
all you have to do is enter your email
address now let's go to Jason in the gym
now another finish that we want to look
at is what we call the jump stop split
and we do it in two different situations
first of all a great place to jump stop
split is when I'm going to the basket
and you're going to see basically a
punch and a pound what I mean by that is
if coaches guard me I'm gonna try to
speed this up for a second I get my foot
overtop I want to punch and well pound
across coach's body and actually change
my direction with the jump stop very
effective if you get over top of that
players foot what do I mean well if I'm
coming this way and I what I do is on my
pound dribble is you see me go to a crab
or slide dribble
so if coaches on my hip and I punched
watch this I slide see I want to see if
I'm go over top if I have to like them
over top I'm bringing that elbow through
boom and I'm landing strong now one of
coach keeps me from getting over top
well that's key point there too as I'm
coming in I pound I want to slide back
this way and finish outside my body
there and that's a power spin that's
another finish we'll get into later but
right now I really want to work on
getting you to step over top of the
chair right here bring that other one
out
step over top of that chair right here
well with that dribble see it's a rhythm
it's left hand dribble right foot boom
and jump across oh finish again it's
right hand dribble left foot boom boom
boom jump across outside the body finish
now again if you don't get that foot
over the top bad you're coming back
outside the body there again if my foot
comes in on the spin and I'm not over
top I know I've got one the plant to
balance 3-shot practicing
ah
jumping it on land and stuff hey that's
great stuff from Jason if you want to
see more great videos like that be sure
to subscribe to our channel if you like
that video please give us a like just
let us know what other videos you'd like
to see leave that in the comment section
and we'll be sure to get back to you
make sure you don't miss the free
point-guard workout just click the I up
in the left corner click the annotation
and we'll send it to you immediately all
you have to do is enter your email
address
thanks for watching